grep
In a nutshell,
grep searches text files for the
occurrence of a given regular expression
and outputs any line containing a match
to standard output,
which is usually the terminal screen.
Consider the following example:
We listed all the files in the /usr/bin
directory with ls,
and piped the output into the
grep command,
which searches for any line containing
the string “zip”.
Some of the most commonly used switches
include -r for recursive searching
and -i to ignore the case of the text.
Refer to the grep man page for more
information about various options.
Understanding the grep tool and when to
use it can prove incredibly useful.